Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-csc-355-digital-logic-and-computer-design-assignment-3
<br>
1. Design a finite state machine as a clocked Mealy sequential network with one input X and one output Z. The machine is a recognizer that has an output trigger sequence and a reset output to zero sequence. If the input sequence ‘0 1 1 0’ occurs then the output changes to ‘1’ coincident with the last bit of the sequence. The output remains at ‘1’ until the reset sequence ‘0 1 0’ is received on the input and, in this case, the output changes to ‘0’ coincident with the last bit of the sequence. Initially, output Z is ‘0’.For example,X = 0 0 1 0 0 0 1 1 0 0 1 0 1 0 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 1Z = 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 1 1 1 1 1 0 0For the design, provide a state graph, the corresponding state table and the output table. Number the states S0, S1, … Maximum marks will be given for a correct solution with the minimum number of states. Do not continue the design beyond this point. (In particular, there is no need to implement using flip-flops.)2. The state diagram for a sequential circuit is given below:The encoded state table for the circuit is given in Table 5-15 (4th edition) or Table 4-14 (5th edition) of your textbook.Assuming the circuit is to be designed using two JK Flip-flops, determine the flip-flop input equations, JA, KA, JB, and KB.3. Text (Mano, Kime, Martin, 5th edition) , page 283 #4-14 – parts a) b) and c) only, or Text (Mano, Kime, 4th edition) , page 283 #5-14 – parts a) b) and c) only.AB=000AB=010AB=100AB=110XY=00 / Z=0XY=01 / Z=0XY=00 / Z=1XY=01 / Z=1XY=11 / Z=0XY=10 / Z=0XY=11 / Z=0JQQKSETCLRJQQKSETCLRABCKX4. A gated latch (G-L FF) behaves as follows:If G = 0, the flip-flop does not change state.If G = 1, the next state of the flip-flop is equal to the value of L,where G and L are the two inputs to the flip flop.Derive the characteristic (next- state) equation for the flip-flop.5. Complete the timing diagram for the sequential circuit shown.ZBAXCK6. Design a static RAM memory cell, using a set-reset flip flop for the internal storage and any other devices you require, with the following features. There are two control lines, X and Y, an input line Ip, and an output line Op (there is no clock). The values of X, Y and Ip require the following actions to be taken: X = 0, Y = 0 : the memory cell is not selected ( flip-flop contents unchanged, Op is to be in the high impedance state Z) X = 1, Y = 1 : read the memory cell (output Op is equal to contents of flip-flop) X = 1, Y = 0 : write to the memory cell (flip-flop contents to be equal to value on Ip, Op is to be in the high impedance state Z)X = 0, Y = 1 : toggle the memory cell (invert the flip-flop contents, Op is to be in the high impedance state Z).7. Text (Mano, Kime, Martin, 5th edition) , page 287 #4-23, or Text (Mano, Kime, 4th edition) , page 287 #5-22.8. Text (Mano, Kime, Martin, 5th edition) , page 287 #4-25, or Text (Mano, Kime, 4th edition) , page 288 #5-24.9. Text (Mano, Kime, Martin, 5th edition) , page 318 #5-1, or Text (Mano, Kime, 4th edition) , page 330 #6-1.10. Text (Mano, Kime, Martin, 5th edition) , page 318 #5-2, or Text (Mano, Kime, 4th edition) , page 330 #6-2.11. Text (Mano, Kime, Martin, 5th edition) , page 319 #5-4 a), or Text (Mano, Kime, 4th edition) , page 333 #6-21.12. Text (Mano, Kime, Martin, 5th edition) , page 478 #8-1 Text (Mano, Kime, 4th edition) , page 490 #9-113. Text (Mano, Kime, Martin, 5th edition) , page 482 #8-17 Text (Mano, Kime, 4th edition) , page 494 #9-17Some Karnaugh maps for your editing pleasureABC0001111001ABCD0001111000011110Change the variables if your expressions require different variable names